# My-MCGalaxy-Plugins
My Plugins Some Plugin From Other People That I Made +1% Cooler 😎

-----HOW TO USE-----
For Commands Put The .cs File(s) in MCGalaxy/extra/commands/source and then open mcgalaxy and do /compile <Plugin Name Without "Cmd">
For Plugins Put The .cs File(s) in MCGalaxy/plugins
and Open mcgalaxy then do /pcompile name
-----------------------------------------------

----------Plugins And Commands----------


CmdClient.Cs - Adds Another /clients command but its /pclient only (CustomClient.cs Required Or Its Useless)



CmdFrost.cs - Modified Version Of /fly , By Doing /frost you get the Frost Walker Enchant :D (Very Useful btw)



CmdRainbowtext.cs - Get Rainbow Text! /rainbowtext <message> and a colorful version of the message will appear! You Now don't have to do stuff like %1H%2e%3l%4l%5o



CustomClient.cs - Lets You Edit Your Client's Name! (CmdClient.cs Required Because it will only appear with /pclient)



CustomTabList.cs - Fork Of Venks Custom Tab List That Shows Your Ping With The Minecraft's icons (textures required you can get my texture pack and get the file that contains the icons https://garbage.loan/f/Blue_3dx/3dxtexpack.zip) Btw This Plugin Was Modified By NassemRB.



GreenLightRedLight.cs - The File Name Tells Everything ! do /glrl to start a game on the current map! This Plugin is a wip it may be crap!



Sprint.cs - Lets You Sprint! NOTE: I know I know... You can do maxspeed=xspeed in motd but this plugin lets you sprint everywhere so no need to do maxspeed=.



Trapdoors.cs - A Modified Version Of morgana's Door plugin! Note: To Use The TrapDoor click the sides clicking the top will delete it.



XP.cs - A Modified Version of Xp from Venk (venklib required btw) it basically announces when you level up and adds a trail too (trails plugin required and an effects called XP and GoodlyEffects Is Required)



SW.cs - Skywars Gamemode (venklib needed) This plugin Is Still WIP some stuff may not work correctly!



cmdb.cs - A Command Permission Bypasser (Let Player Use Any Command If They Have The Password For It (the password needs to be generated by a player with operator or above))



pose.cs - Like Emotes! NOTE: some emotes may not work+ Custom Models Needed (just don't donwload this, you don't have the models)



trailplugin.cs - spawns a trail of particles (goodlyeffects required and some effects.
